I'll bet you.
He is about to be severely punished for saving the enemy
Tell me about it.
Fake Long Shuai
deserve death
Just wait. He's dead!
Please invite the new governor, His Excellency Wang, to appear
today
Lord Nu Shuai can attend the inauguration ceremony of the humble office in person
Real meeting place
Shuanghui with the same disease
It turned out that you didn't mean him
It turned out to be true
My sister-in-law said
My husband is better than all of you
I didn't expect this trash to
Really the supreme Long Shuai
We said that about him before
Will he hold a grudge?
Oh, mom, let's talk to Xiao Xu's relatives
Talk to him later
Maybe forgive him
His husband is supple
If our family has a relationship with them
Then it will be prosperous
Ouch, how did I forget about this?
I can understand
Isn't that supple my whole girl?
Ouch, my own sister.
Yes, I really don't know if the main minister is Long Shuai?
I can't take it anymore.
I finally apologize to you.
We did something wrong just now.
Oh, we Xiaoxue are such generous people.
It doesn't care about us at all
That is.
I never said I would forgive you.